Reformat headings from bold to h4. (#4729)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-upgrade-api-sdk-to-oie-sdk/main/index.md

}'
```

> #### 6. Receive a successful response that confirms the email code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 6. Receive a successful response after confirming the email code
```
